What is your long term goal and or career pathway?
For now, become a web developer to senior web developer and slowly transition to software engineer as learning grows. Career pathway would be jr developer to senior developer then software engineer.

What skills (non-technical - human skills) would you like to see developed in yourself while at EDA?
I'd like to see my self not being shy and reserved in some situation.

A description of your own strengths and limitations
One of my strengths is being resourceful. If I'm stuck on something in this case -css, I research more on about it. Try to create sample simple excercise and try to understand and how I can apply to my project. 

Limitations would be the time I spend on a given task. 

Based on the above description, a commitment to how you will manage your workload in this programme. This should include - an explanation of how you will manage yourself to work productively and safely with other learners, facilitators and industry/community representatives.
Distractions are everywhere and sometimes it is unavoidable. Specially with mobile phones and and internet, it is easy to become destracted. I have avoided this by setting a realistic deadline for each tasks and incorporating timebox on each task as well.

Also it is easy to be out of focus. In this case, when I'm doing sprint 2 and did read on one of the resources on freecodecamp. I ended up doing to whole course, did couple of projects and not finishing some parts of sprint 2. This time, I make sure I stick to the curriculum and do other tasks later on.

At this time of writing, I haven't met anyone from my cohort except from slack, yet can't write anything about how to work productively and safely with other learners. But will be keeping an eye on slack just in case someone's stuck on something and needs help. If it happens I know how to solve then I would'nt hesitate to contribute. Thinking of it when I'm already at the bootcamp, I will be checking with fellow cohort from time to time. Possibly, catch up and get to know. Also share ideas that can help others also. I will be updating this section once I got answers. On facilitators, I have asked questions and share my insights on how I learn and asking for guidance. In the industry/community, I have met someone that needs help with there website and I let her know that I will be looking into that after school or once I can.

A commitment as to how and where you will seek help in a timely way.
I used to find resource on internet and found answers most of the time. I believe asking questions on colleague is the easiest and fastest way. This will vary from situations but  it is possible.


A description of what you expect from the facilitation team
A guidance and it is good to remind a learner if somethings not right.

Any scheduling information such as block-out times when you are committed to other things.
For example, you might have whanau commitments such as school drop-offs. It’s important to plan these in.
These elements do not need to be structured as they are in this list. You should put them together in the way that you feel they are most clearly communicated.

Usually my block-out times is during morning. Sometimes it is hard to put scheduling on things. But I make sure that I catch up once I am available. Applying deadline and timebox helps a lot in completing tasks.