Using the evidence gathered, describe your core personal values.

Explain a situation where you have had an ethical decision to make. Discuss how you weighed up the values involved in that decision, the decision you made and the consequences of the action you took.
I have been on IT support for more than 7 years. Since then I feel like I'm stuck on that role and not growing. From previous employer where they made entire team redundant (including me) and after a few months got a service desk role here in auckland. When on that same role but different culture and environment. I found out that my colleagues and my mentor is not quite happy about what has going on with their career. Some of them been on service desk role for more than 3 years, one person been on that role since the company started. A couple of weeks when I started the role, I feel I'm not fit for the team, knowing that I should be on a senior role already but not given a chance by previous employers. Too different culture and I struggle to fit in. Maybe its because that they are moving at a very fast pace and competition style environment. When I was buddying up with someone, I got a chance to ask questions about them working in the company. Found out that they are really not happy on what's going on, some of them are planning to look for another job in a few months time. Before me, there was more employees who already left because either they are not happy, not into the company's culture and no or very limited career progression.

Since then, I started to think like imposter syndrome. I experienced stress on that role. After that, I was thinking of moving to another career, and that career is on development role.

Couple of years ago, I started to think of going to development role but don't know how. After a month, I decided to look for a school, got accepted after then I spoke to the manager about me resigning to the role. I explained that I was stressed and the role is not for me anymore. If I continue then the team would suffer with regards to performance. I told the manager that I am not happy anymore and I want a career change. He understands it and accepted my resignation.

Since then, I feel lighter and looking forward on what comes at me.

Describe how your culture has influenced your values and identity.

Using the evidence gathered, describe your strengths and limitations.

Explain a situation where you have had an ethical decision to make. Discuss how you weighed up the values involved in that decision, the decision you made and the consequences of the action you took.
Describe how your culture has influenced your values and identity.
Evaluate your strengths and limitations in terms of your learning and career development
Identify which of your strengths might help you in your learning journey and how they might intersect with learning obstacles.
Share an example from your experience of where you were trying to work productively with others, but there was resistance or tension. Discuss the strategies you used at that time, how effective they were, and your reflections on what other strategies you would try now, and why.